In fact, I am the young master Lu
What about Lu Mingzhu?
It's me who wants to say he wants to take power
Just use my identity to do things
Why didn't you tell me for so long?
It's not that I haven't found the right opportunity all the time
Okay, you lied to me for so long.
You don't think I'll forgive you easily
Is it grandpa?
That explains it.
Just bring my granddaughter-in-law back quickly
Grandpa Qianyuan Hanmei
The house is ready
Just waiting for you two to know
Qianyun is the treasure of our Lu family
You protect me
Definitely will.
The person I'm going to pick you up should be here, right?
Young master, Mrs. Zhao, please go home
My boyfriend is here.
You are a patient
You should think about that.
Baby, I won't run away from marriage if it's you
How do you escape
Finally